docs: hobby trial and credit bundle billing flow (#6052)
mintlify/docs: assistant/configure.mdx

## Manage billing

The assistant runs on credits. Each assistant message consumes credits, where a message is any user interaction with the assistant that receives a response. See [Credit pricing](/credits) for more information.

If you have unused credits at the end of the month, up to half of your monthly allowance rolls over to the next billing cycle.

### Change your credit tier

1. Go to the [Usage](https://app.mintlify.com/settings/organization/usage) page of your dashboard.
2. In the **Credit packages** section, select a tier from the dropdown menu.
3. Confirm the change to be redirected to checkout.

> To disable the assistant later, cancel the credit bundle from your billing portal. The assistant becomes disabled at the end of your current billing cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Manage billing

> The assistant runs on credits. Each assistant message consumes credits, where a message is any user interaction with the assistant that receives a response. For per-feature credit averages, see [Credit pricing](/credits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assistant runs on credits. Each assistant message consumes credits, where a message is any user interaction with the assistant that receives a response. See [Credit pricing](/credits) for more information.
```

New Hobby organizations start with **5,000 trial credits** that work across the assistant, agents, and workflows. To keep the assistant enabled after the trial, purchase the [credit bundle](/credits#credit-bundle) ($100/month for 10,000 credits) or contact sales about Enterprise.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you have unused credits at the end of the month, up to half of your monthly allowance can roll over to the next billing cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have unused credits at the end of the month, up to half of your monthly allowance rolls over to the next billing cycle.
```

By default, overages are disabled. With overages disabled, the assistant is unavailable once you reach your credit allowance and remains unavailable until your allowance resets. You can enable overages to keep the assistant available beyond your monthly allowance. If you enable overages, each credit beyond your allowance incurs an overage charge.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Purchase the credit bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Change your credit tier
```

> 1. Go to the [Usage](https://app.mintlify.com/settings/organization/usage) page of your dashboard, or select **Upgrade plan** from the trial banner on the Assistant page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Usage](https://app.mintlify.com/settings/organization/usage) page of your dashboard.
```

2. Select **Upgrade to unlock**.

> 3. Review the bundle details, then select **Confirm and pay** to be redirected to checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Credit packages** section, select a tier from the dropdown menu.
3. Confirm the change to be redirected to checkout.
```

To disable the assistant later, cancel the credit bundle from your billing portal. The assistant becomes disabled at the end of your current billing cycle.

### Allow overages

> Overages are disabled by default. To allow overages, enable them in the **Spending controls** section of the [Usage](https://app.mintlify.com/settings/organization/usage) page of your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overages are disabled by default. With overages disabled, the assistant is unavailable once you reach your credit allowance and remains unavailable until your allowance resets.

To allow overages, enable them in the **Spending controls** section of the [Usage](https://app.mintlify.com/settings/organization/usage) page of your dashboard. If you enable overages, each credit beyond your allowance incurs an overage charge.
```

### Set usage alerts

> In the **Spending controls** section, set usage alerts to receive an email when you reach a certain percentage of your credit allowance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Spending controls** section of your dashboard, set usage alerts to receive an email when you reach a certain percentage of your credit allowance.
```

### Higher credit volumes

> If 10,000 credits per month isn't enough, [contact sales](mailto:sales@mintlify.com) about an Enterprise plan with custom credit packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For plans larger than 10,000 credits per month, [contact sales](mailto:sales@mintlify.com) to discuss custom credit packages.
```
